Recently, my bf and I came here for dinner on a Saturday night because it is one of his favorite restaurants. He used to live in the Marina and often dined here and more frequently ordered take out from here. Because I cannot have gluten, it can be challenging for us to find places that are safe for me to eat. I had a positive experience here, and we look forward to returning soon!

Although I had made a reservation, it was not necessary on this particular night, as the restaurant was busy but not overly so. From the moment we walked in the door, I felt welcomed by the staff, and everyone who helped us was hospitable and kind.

To start, we had the Banjan (eggplant with tomato and yogurt) and Kaddo (fried pumpkin seasoned with sugar and served with beef sauce). The eggplant was perfected seasoned, and the flavors were like a deconstructed eggplant parmesan, with the tomato and spice bringing out the best of the eggplant. The yogurt added a nice mellow balance. As for the Kaddo, I only had one bite of it because it was too sweet for my tastes -- the pumpkin without the sugar is sweet enough for me. My bf could not stop raving about it. 

We also split some Mashawa, a flavorful soup made with lamb, mung beans, chick peas, black-eyed peas, and yogurt. Even if I weren't already a pushover for lamb, I would say that this soup delivered. It was well seasoned and rich tasting without being heavy.

For entrees, I had the Dwopiaza (leg of lamb with split peas), and my bf had the Chapendaz (tenderloin beef with grilled vegetables , lentils, mung beans, and spinach rice). I substituted a side of Bendi (okra with onions and tomato) for the accompanying rice. To quote the Lego Movie, "Everything (was) awesome!" My only snag was that my dish had some sort of flour-based unleaved bread not listed in the description hidden under my pile of lentils. Fortunately, I realized it was there right away and sort of quarantined that portion of my plate and avoided getting ill.

We were more than full from all of the delicious food by that point, so we skipped dessert. 

Overall, I would recommend this restaurant to other gluten-free diners, but make sure to request that your dish not be served with any bread, even if you think it is safe as described.